[queries]: Added information about queries that were added in rc4. (#46)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/advanced/queries.md

  <WarningFatQuery />

### FindAllRoleIds

- **Returns**: `Vec<Roles>`

- **Details**: It returns all roles registered as _global_ (as opposed to domain-scoped) in the blockchain, but instead of returning the values of Roles (which contain permission tokens), we only get the Ids of the roles.

### FindRoleByRoleId

- **Parameters**: `RoleId`

- **Returns**: `Vec<Roles>`

> - **Details**: It returns the role that has the provided role ID. For example given the name of the role `admin` it will return all of the `admin`-level permission tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Details**: It returns the role that has the provided role ID. For example, given the name of the role `admin` it will return all of the `admin`-level permission tokens.
```

- **Returns**: `TransactionValue`

- **Details**: This query finds the transaction by hash.

## Triggers

> Iroha is an event-driven architecture. Every modification of the world state emits a corresponding event that can be captured by appropriate event listeners which we call filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iroha is an event-driven architecture. Every modification of the world state emits a corresponding event that can be captured by appropriate event listeners called filters.
```
